Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english,Context / Alternate Text,german

zombieArlene,entityclasses,Entity,,,Kathy,,Bettina
zombieArleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Kathy,,Wilde Bettina
zombieArleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Kathy,,Verstrahlte Bettina

zombieBiker,entityclasses,Entity,,,Breadcrumb,,Breadcrumb
zombieBikerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Breadcrumb,,Wilder Breadcrumb
zombieBikerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Breadcrumb,,Verstrahlter Breadcrumb

zombieBoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Torben,,Torben
zombieBoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Torben,,Wilder Torben
zombieBoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Torben,,Verstrahlter Torben

zombieBurnt,entityclasses,Entity,,,Johnny,,Johnny
zombieBurntFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Johnny,,Wilder Johnny
zombieBurntRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Johnny,,Verstrahlter Johnny

zombieBusinessMan,entityclasses,Entity,,,Bill,,Bill
zombieBusinessManFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Bill,,Wilder Bill
zombieBusinessManRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Bill,,Verstrahlter Bill

zombieDarlene,entityclasses,Entity,,,Zora,,Zora
zombieDarleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Zora,,Wilde Zora
zombieDarleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Zora,,Verstrahlte Zora

zombieDemolition,entityclasses,Entity,,,Demolisher,,Demolisher

zombieFatCop,entityclasses,Entity,,,Scott,,Scott
zombieFatCopFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Scott,,Wilder Scott
zombieFatCopRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Scott,,Verstrahlter Scott

zombieFatHawaiian,entityclasses,Entity,,,Lee,,Lee
zombieFatHawaiianFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Lee,,Wilder Lee
zombieFatHawaiianRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Lee,,Verstrahlter Lee

zombieFemaleFat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Very Nice Lady,,Big Mama
zombieFemaleFatFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Very Nice Lady,,Wilde Big Mama
zombieFemaleFatRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Very Nice Lady,,Verstrahlte Big Mama

zombieJanitor,entityclasses,Entity,,,Corwin,,Corwin
zombieJanitorFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Corwin,,Wilder Corwin

zombieJoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Donald,,Donald
zombieJoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Donald,,Wilder Donald
zombieJoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Donald,,Verstrahlter Donald

zombieLab,entityclasses,Entity,,,Marie,,Marie
zombieLabFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Marie,,Wilde Marie
zombieLabRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Marie,,Verstrahlte Marie

zombieLumberjack,entityclasses,Entity,,,Jack,,Jack
zombieLumberjackFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Jack,,Wilder Jack
zombieLumberjackRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Jack,,Verstrahlter Jack

zombieMaleHazmat,entityclasses,Entity,,,Dustin,,Dustin
zombieMaleHazmatFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Dustin,,Wilder Dustin
zombieMaleHazmatRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Dustin,,Verstrahlter Dustin

zombieMarlene,entityclasses,Entity,,,Maggie,,Maggie
zombieMarleneFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Maggie,,Wilde Maggie
zombieMarleneRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Maggie,,Verstrahlte Maggie

zombieMoe,entityclasses,Entity,,,Aaron,,Erik
zombieMoeFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Aaron,,Wilder Erik
zombieMoeRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Aaron,,Verstrahlter Erik

zombieMutated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Poldi,,Poldi
zombieMutatedFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Poldi,,Wilder Poldi
zombieMutatedRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Poldi,,Verstrahlter Poldi

zombieNurse,entityclasses,Entity,,,Christa,,Christa
zombieNurseFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Christa,,Wilde Christa
zombieNurseRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Christa,,Verstrahlte Christa

zombiePartyGirl,entityclasses,Entity,,,Monique,,Monique
zombiePartyGirlFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Monique,,Wilde Monique
zombiePartyGirlRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Monique,,Verstrahlte Monique

zombieScreamer,entityclasses,Entity,,,Leah,,Leah
zombieScreamerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Leah,,Wilder Leah
zombieScreamerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Leah,,Verstrahlter Leah

zombieSkateboarder,entityclasses,Entity,,,Green Matt,,Green Matt
zombieSkateboarderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Green Matt,,Wilder Green Matt
zombieSkateboarderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Green Matt,,Verstrahlter Green Matt

zombieSoldier,entityclasses,Entity,,,BroJosh,,BroJosh
zombieSoldierFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral BroJosh,,Wilder BroJosh
zombieSoldierRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated BroJosh,,Verstrahlter BroJosh

zombieSpider,entityclasses,Entity,,,Peter,,Peter
zombieSpiderFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Peter,,Wilder Peter
zombieSpiderRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Peter,,Verstrahlter Peter

zombieSteve,entityclasses,Entity,,,JR,,JRp
zombieSteveFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral JR,,Wilder JRp
zombieSteveRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated JR,,Verstrahlter JRp

zombieSteveCrawler,entityclasses,Entity,,,Heather,,Heather
zombieSteveCrawlerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Heather,,Wilder Heather
zombieSteveCrawlerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Heather,,Verstrahlter Heather

zombieTomClark,entityclasses,Entity,,,Lance,,Lance
zombieTomClarkFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Lance,,Wilder Lance
zombieTomClarkRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Lance,,Verstrahlter Lance

zombieUtilityWorker,entityclasses,Entity,,,Bob,,Bob
zombieUtilityWorkerFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Bob,,Wilder Bob
zombieUtilityWorkerRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Bob,,Verstrahlter Bob

zombieWightFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Roger,,Wildes Roger
zombieWightRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Roger,,Verstrahltes Roger

zombieYo,entityclasses,Entity,,,Shrader,,Shrader
zombieYoFeral,entityclasses,Entity,,,Feral Shrader,,Wilder Shrader
zombieYoRadiated,entityclasses,Entity,,,Radiated Shrader,,Verstrahlter Shrader